Mom:Hey you! It's been a while, how are you doing, darling?
Me:Hi Mom! yeah, my network is growing! I hope to get even more followers!
Mom:I don't really understand it, but I'm proud of you! I wanted to ask: your sister asked for a family dinner tonight, would you make the time to come too?
Me:After what Miss Silly said about my job last time, I'm not too sure...
Mom:Your sister passed her exam yesterday, it's Lieutenant Silly now! Haha! Be nice to her when she calls you, okay?
Me:Really? Wow! I'll make an effort, I promise!

Sis:Hey beautiful! Thanks for passing by yesterday! Will we see you next week-end?
Me:Maybe! Congrats again on the new Job!

100 - 
Mom:I heard about your friend that was attacked, are you okay?
Me:I'm in shock, who could have done something like this?
Mom:I know! And you told me her boyfriend saw someone at her place too?
Me:Yeah, someone was stalking her.
Sis:Hey... Mom told me you knew the victim, how are you holding up?
Me:Okay I guess...
Sis:I've been assigned to the case, I swear I'll do my best to find the guy who did it. It will not go unpunished.
Me:Thanks Sis, it means a lot.

180 -
Sis:I think you should hear it from me: There's been another victim.
Me:What? Who?
Sis:A guy from the influencer business, can't disclose him name yet.
Me:Oh no... do I know him?
Sis:I'm not sure, but sorry, I have to talk about official business now, do you have any idea who might be after influencers?
Me:How would I know?!?
Sis:Is there vehement protesters? Rumors about ennemies?
Me:Not that I know of... It would help to know who it was...
Sis:If you think about anything, talk to me okay? Even if you think it's nothing.
Me:I will! Sorry to be that useless...
Sis:It's okay, I didn't expect much... I'll get back to you when I can tell you more.
Me:K, thanks.

200-
Sis:The name of the second victim is public, it's Super Steevy...
Me:I saw it in the news. I met him in a gala last month...
Sis:Really? Was it the one for the Earth Day?
Me:Yes, how do you know?
Sis:The first victim was there too, it's a lead! Thanks a lot!
Me:Happy to help! Go get'em tiger!


250-
Sis:Where are you? I'd like to talk to you, face-to-face.
Me:It's late, I'm at home, why? What's going on?
Sis:I'll tell you when I get there, I'm on my way now.
// GravelNoise
Me:I think I heard something outside... is that you?
Sis:No, I'm still a few minutes out, LOCK YOUR DOORS.
Me:You're scaring me... WHAT IS HAPPENING?
Sis:I believe you might be the killer's next target.
// Thomping
Me: What make you thSOMEONE'S TRYING TO FORCE MY DOOR! 
Sis:Go hide! I called my precinct, they're on the way!
Me:k hurry
// Gunshot?
Sis:We got him, you can come out now, everything is okay.
// end.
